blog darkmode (#1535)
pankod/refine: documentation/blog/2022-02-12-implement-darkmode.md

---

> title: Darkmode with Refine

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Implementing Dark Mode In Ant Design Using gulp
```

> description: Add a darkmode switch to your Refine app
> slug: darkmode-with-refine
> authors: vmalep
> tags: [refine, darkmode, theme, custom-layout]
> image: https://refine.dev/img/refine_social.png
> hide_table_of_contents: false

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: In this article, we’ll learn how to efficiently implement dark mode in a Refine/Ant Design app, using gulp library and leveraging some React features like hooks
slug: how-to-add-darkmode-in-ant-design
authors: vmalep
tags: [refine, darkmode, theme, ant-design]
image: https://refine.dev/img/refine_social.png
hide_table_of_contents: false
```
